Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/covid-19-information-and-resources

Responding to COVID-19
Tenet Healthcare has been on the front lines of community-based prevention and patient care since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our teams have responded to this public health emergency with strength and perseverance. They have continued to adapt to ensure the best possible outcomes for our patients and protect our medical staff and employees.
Infectious diseases are something we manage daily. Tenet has continued to collaborate closely with state and county-level Departments of Public Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to respond to COVID-19 cases and care for all patients. We have strong infection control policies, procedures and systems in place to keep our extended communities safe.
Every day, our front-line team members manage adversity and provide quality, compassionate care. They lead by example and do what they have been called upon and trained to do with honor and professionalism. We are deeply grateful for their selfless courage and dedication to saving lives.
We also want to recognize the heroic efforts of all healthcare professionals around the world who have responded to COVID-19.
Additional resources on COVID-19 are outlined below, and please see our locations for information on our local response efforts.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/legal

Terms and Conditions of UsePlease read these Terms and Conditions of Use carefully before using this website
Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to the Tenet Healthcare Corporation website (the “Site”), which is owned and provided by Tenet Healthcare Corporation, including its affiliates (“we” or “our”). Your use and access of the Site and the information and services offered through the Site are governed by and subject to the following terms and conditions (these “Terms”) and the Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to these Terms, or if you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or any services offered through the Site. BY ENTERING, ACCESSING, BROWSING, SUBMITTING INFORMATION TO, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND YOUR MINOR CHILD, AS APPLICABLE, AND REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OLD OR OLDER AND POSSESS THE LEGAL RIGHT AND ABILITY, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND EACH MINOR CHILD OF WHOM YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN, TO AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OR YOU ARE YOUNGER THAN EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OLD, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
We may modify these Terms from time to time, and if we make material changes to them, we will notify you by updating the Site with the updated Terms. You may wish to check the Terms from time to time, because by using the Site, by providing requested information, or by using the Site after any changes to the Terms are posted, you consent to the Terms as they appear at the time of your access or use.
The contents of the Site may be viewed and accessed only for your personal, non-commercial use. The information and services on the Site are provided solely for purposes of general illustration and as an educational resource. It is not intended to be, and should not be used as a substitute for medical treatment by a health care professional. If you have specific questions regarding your health or health status, please contact your physician or other health care provider.
No Warranties or Representations
We are not making a diagnosis of your condition or a recommendation about the course of treatment for your particular circumstances through the use of the Site.
SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH AND INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED AS-IS AND AS AVAILABLE. We make no warranty whatsoever, express or implied, including any warranty as to accuracy, completeness, security, or timeliness concerning the information contained on or linked through the Site, and you should not assume that such information is accurate, complete, valid or the most up-to-date information available. We undertake no obligation to verify or maintain the currency of such information. We shall not be liable for any loss, claim or damages caused in whole or in part by its provision of, or your use of, any of the information contained on, or linked through, the Site. We disclaim any applicable statutory or implied warranties.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is done at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material, or use of the Site.
Intellectual Property
The Site is intended to be maintained in a manner consistent with United States copyright laws. Photographs, graphics, videos and other imagery and content included in the Site may not be downloaded, republished, retransmitted, reproduced, or otherwise used without our prior express written permission. All trademarks, service marks, and logos referenced or appearing on the Site are the property of their respective owners. The Site’s content may not be used, copied, adapted, modified, distributed, licensed, sold, transferred, transmitted, streamed, broadcasted or otherwise exploited without our prior express written permission. Our names, trademarks, service marks, and logos that appear on the Site may not be used in any manner or for any purpose without our prior express written permission.
Physician Disclaimer
Physicians performing services at our facilities may be independent contractors and not our employees, agents or representatives.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/our-stories

Good Samaritan Medical Center announces Ion Robotic Bronchoscopy program launch
The Hospitals of Providence introduces new procedure to treat enlarged procedure
Valley Baptist Medical Center-Harlingen re-verified as Cameron County’s only Level II Trauma
Tenet Health Central Coast honored with Visionary Distinguished Partners Award by CenCal Health
The Hospitals of Providence unveils new outpatient therapy in El Paso
Patients benefit from single-incision robotic-assisted lung cancer surgery at North Central Baptist Hospital
Fountain Valley Regional Hospital unveils new $3 million angiography suite
Saint Vincent Hospital implements new tube delivery system
Providence Children’s Hospital unveils $15M neonatal intensive care unit

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about

Who We Are
We are a community built on care. Our caregivers and supporting staff extend compassion to those in need, helping to improve the health and well-being of those we serve, and provide comfort and healing. Your community is our community.
Our StoryWe started out as a small operation in California. In May 1969, we acquired four hospitals, some additional care facilities and real estate for the future development of hospitals. Over the years, we’ve grown tremendously in size, scope and capability, building a home in new markets over time, and curating those homes to provide a compassionate environment for those entrusting us with their care.
We have a rich history at Tenet. There are so many stories of compassionate care; so many “firsts” in terms of medical innovation; so many examples of advancing healthcare delivery and shaping a business that is truly centered around patients and community need. Tenet and our predecessors have enabled us to touch many different elements of healthcare and make a difference in the lives of others.
Read more about Tenet through the years.
Our Impact TodayToday, we are a leading health system and services platform that continues to evolve. Tenet’s operations include three businesses – USPI, our hospitals and physicians and Conifer Health Solutions. You can learn more about each business here.
Our impact spreads far and deep with more than 480 ambulatory surgery centers and surgical hospitals, 58 hospitals and approximately 160 additional outpatient centers and other sites of care. We are differentiated by our top notch medical specialists and service lines that are tailored within each community we serve. The work Conifer is doing will help provide the foundation for better health for clients across the country, through the delivery of healthcare-focused revenue cycle management and value-based care solutions.
Together as an enterprise, we work to save lives and can accept nothing less than excellence from ourselves in service of our patients and their families, every day.
58
Acute Care Facilities
~640
Outpatient Centers and Other Facilities
8.5M
Patient Care Encounters
100K
Employees
~6,000
Physician Partners
50
Health System Partners
$25B
Revenue Managed By Conifer
4,700+
Tenet Care Fund Grants Provided to Employees Since 2010
A Community Built on Care
Whether we’re helping a family to welcome a new child, registering a patient for surgery or training the next generation of clinicians – we do our jobs with heart and consistent with deeply-rooted core values. Across our network, each role is integral to our mission.
Our Mission is to provide quality, compassionate care in the communities we serve. Creating an ethos of good health, wellness and responsibility is central to our mission and an everyday commitment to our neighbors and families.
Our Vision is to consistently deliver the right care, in the right place, at the right time and to be a premier organization to work, where patient care and saving lives remain our focus. Our vision reflects our aspirations for the future and the goals we work toward together. It provides hope of what’s to come, including how we have the opportunity to participate in some of the most important moments in our patients’ lives and continue to improve the way care is delivered.
Our Values define who we are, what we stand for and what we CARE about:
Compassion and respect for others and each other, supporting our communities and advocating for our patients
Acting with integrity and the highest ethical standards – always
Results delivered through accountability and transparency
Embracing inclusiveness for all people in our workplace and in the communities we serve

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/

News
Delray Medical Center becomes first hospital in Florida to treat Alzheimer's patient with non-invasive focused ultrasound technology
The Hospitals of Providence Memorial Campus becomes first in El Paso to offer new minimally invasive lung biopsy technology
SMASC Launches New Robotic-Assisted Surgery Solution
The Hospitals of Providence Memorial Campus celebrated the renovation and opening of its new $2 million-dollar Cardiac Catheterization (Cath) lab. Read more here

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/careers/life-at-tenet

Diversity & Inclusion
One of our core values is embracing inclusiveness for all people in our workplace and in the communities we serve. It is an active part of how we operate. We focus on cultivating a culture where everyone belongs and feels valued, and where respect and
equal treatment are the cornerstones of every interaction.
Our D&I efforts are guided by the leadership of our Diversity Council and employee resource group (ERG) sponsors, along with support
from Tenet’s Board of Directors and executive management. The Council and ERG sponsors are a diverse group of leaders who represent different parts of our business. They live and work in communities around the country, such as El Paso, Detroit,
Palm Beach, Tucson, and North Texas.
Our D&I efforts prioritize the following:
- A workforce and talent pipeline that reflects the communities we serve;
- A leadership team that is comprised of and elevates underrepresented groups;
- Training, education, and engagement to proactively address the best ways to nurture an inclusive and diverse culture; and,
- A top-down, bottom-up approach to ensure active involvement from leadership and employees across the enterprise.
Tenet is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We embrace the diversity of our co-workers, physicians, suppliers, patients and everyone we serve. We do not tolerate harassment or discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. We also are committed to providing accommodations to employees who have qualified physical or mental disabilities.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/locations

{{facilitytype.Title}}
{{ FilteredLocation.name }}
{{ FilteredLocation.address }}
{{ FilteredLocation.city }}, {{ FilteredLocation.state }} {{ FilteredLocation.zip }}
Filter by Facility Type
Filter by Distance
{{ FilteredLocation.address }}
{{ FilteredLocation.city }}, {{ FilteredLocation.state }} {{ FilteredLocation.zip }}

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/home/who-we-are

Who We Are
We are a community built on care. Our caregivers and supporting staff extend compassion to those in need, helping to improve the health and well-being of those we serve, and provide comfort and healing. Your community is our community.
Our StoryWe started out as a small operation in California. In May 1969, we acquired four hospitals, some additional care facilities and real estate for the future development of hospitals. Over the years, we’ve grown tremendously in size, scope and capability, building a home in new markets over time, and curating those homes to provide a compassionate environment for those entrusting us with their care.
We have a rich history at Tenet. There are so many stories of compassionate care; so many “firsts” in terms of medical innovation; so many examples of advancing healthcare delivery and shaping a business that is truly centered around patients and community need. Tenet and our predecessors have enabled us to touch many different elements of healthcare and make a difference in the lives of others.
Read more about Tenet through the years.
Our Impact TodayToday, we are a leading health system and services platform that continues to evolve. Tenet’s operations include three businesses – USPI, our hospitals and physicians and Conifer Health Solutions. You can learn more about each business here.
Our impact spreads far and deep with more than 480 ambulatory surgery centers and surgical hospitals, 58 hospitals and approximately 160 additional outpatient centers and other sites of care. We are differentiated by our top notch medical specialists and service lines that are tailored within each community we serve. The work Conifer is doing will help provide the foundation for better health for clients across the country, through the delivery of healthcare-focused revenue cycle management and value-based care solutions.
Together as an enterprise, we work to save lives and can accept nothing less than excellence from ourselves in service of our patients and their families, every day.
58
Acute Care Facilities
~640
Outpatient Centers and Other Facilities
8.5M
Patient Care Encounters
100K
Employees
~6,000
Physician Partners
50
Health System Partners
$25B
Revenue Managed By Conifer
4,700+
Tenet Care Fund Grants Provided to Employees Since 2010
A Community Built on Care
Whether we’re helping a family to welcome a new child, registering a patient for surgery or training the next generation of clinicians – we do our jobs with heart and consistent with deeply-rooted core values. Across our network, each role is integral to our mission.
Our Mission is to provide quality, compassionate care in the communities we serve. Creating an ethos of good health, wellness and responsibility is central to our mission and an everyday commitment to our neighbors and families.
Our Vision is to consistently deliver the right care, in the right place, at the right time and to be a premier organization to work, where patient care and saving lives remain our focus. Our vision reflects our aspirations for the future and the goals we work toward together. It provides hope of what’s to come, including how we have the opportunity to participate in some of the most important moments in our patients’ lives and continue to improve the way care is delivered.
Our Values define who we are, what we stand for and what we CARE about:
Compassion and respect for others and each other, supporting our communities and advocating for our patients
Acting with integrity and the highest ethical standards – always
Results delivered through accountability and transparency
Embracing inclusiveness for all people in our workplace and in the communities we serve

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/careers

Careers at Tenet
At Tenet Healthcare, the heart of what we do centers on caring with compassion, which ultimately creates a bond between our caregivers and patients. Everyone contributes to these moments, whether providing care directly or supporting those who do.
As an organization, we provide employees with the resources, tools and support to serve our patients and customers in the best way possible. We also take care of one another, helping team members further develop their career pathways and maximize their potential.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about/our-history

Tenet through the years
1969
Tenet, through its predecessor company National Medical Enterprises (NME), conducts its initial public offering of common stock. A portion of the net proceeds from the stock sale are used to buy four general hospitals, including Doctors Medical Center of Modesto, as well as the land that now houses Lakewood Regional Medical Center and some additional care facilities. Depicted in the picture is vice president Dallas Riddle with a model of the expanded medical complex under construction in Modesto, California.
1973
Pictured: A mother and her daughter relax on the lawn in front of Doctors Medical Center, which was called Doctors’ Hospital of Modesto at the time. The child was born at the California hospital two years prior.
1980
Pictured: The opening of JFK Memorial Hospital in Indio, California.
1982
Four operating groups are established: international, hospitals, nursing homes, and medical products and services.
Pictured: Nacogdoches Medical Center
1988
NME responds to changing patient needs by adding services, such as open heart surgery, cardiac catheterization and additional obstetric units in selected hospitals.
1990
NME is one of the nation’s largest hospital care service providers with more than 45,000 employees and 146 hospitals. American Medical International (AMI), another large healthcare system, undergoes a leveraged buyout and moves its headquarters from Beverly Hills, CA to Dallas, TX.
Pictured: Workers building a new NME care facility.
1995
NME doubles the company’s size by acquiring American Medical International (AMI) for $3.3 billion, and changes the company’s name to Tenet Healthcare.
1998
USPI is founded and acquires facilities in Tennessee, Missouri and Alabama.
1999
USPI forms one of its first health system partnerships with Baylor Health Care System.
Pictured: Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas.
2001
USPI completes a successful IPO.
Pictured: USPI employees at one of the company’s first conferences.
2004
Tenet moves its headquarters from Santa Barbara to Dallas.
2008
Tenet launches Conifer Health Solutions from its existing patient financial services operations. The company offers revenue cycle management and clinical communications services to other hospitals, including those within Tenet’s portfolio.
2009
Tenet begins targeted outpatient investment program to create additional access points in convenient locations for patients. This involves the expansion of outpatient networks in hospital markets, including ambulatory surgery centers, urgent care, imaging and off-campus EDs.
2010
Tenet launches the Care Fund to provide support for team members in need. The Care Fund is a 501(c) (3) public charity that provides financial assistance to Tenet employees who have experienced hardships due to events beyond their control, including natural disasters and extended illnesses or injuries.
2013
Tenet acquires Vanguard Health Systems, significantly expanding the hospital operations footprint and taking the company into new geographic markets, such as San Antonio, Phoenix and Detroit. The transaction expands Tenet’s total ownership to 79 hospitals (from 49) and 157 outpatient facilities.
2014
Tenet expands the Healthy Over Hungry Cereal Drive into a national program to provide healthy breakfast options to those struggling with hunger, especially children. The drive was launched in 2010 by Pam Taurence, a nurse at the Detroit Medical Center.
2015
Tenet and USPI combine to create the largest ambulatory surgery platform in the country. This transaction significantly changes Tenet’s strategic pathway, adding ambulatory capabilities and high-quality facilities in both existing and new markets. The initial transaction allows Tenet to take a majority stake in USPI with a path to increase ownership over the next few years.
2018
Tenet launches a first-of-its-kind grassroots marketing campaign under the tagline “Community Built on Care.” The program highlights Tenet’s commitment to providing compassionate care to the many diverse communities we serve. The advertisements feature employees across the nation.
2019
Tenet celebrates its 50th anniversary and rings the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange. Additional milestones in 2019 include launching a new brand, mission, vision and values; opening a Global Business Center in Manila, Philippines; and moving the company's corporate headquarters to North Dallas, creating one HQ across its three operating segments.
2020
Tenet faces the biggest public health emergency in its existence, COVID-19, responding with strength and perseverance. Team members across the country work together to adapt to a fluid and uncertain environment.
Today
Following two transformative ambulatory acquisitions with SurgCenter Development (SCD) in 2020 and 2021, our USPI network of lower cost-care sites continues to grow, along with our premier hospitals and Conifer subsidiary.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about/environmental-sustainability

Improving our Impact on the Environment
In caring for the long-term health of our communities, we are committed to doing our part to protect the planet for generations to come. We recognize the need to integrate a sustainability mindset into our culture. That includes clarity around sustainability goals and standards, proper coordination and accountability through reporting.
Building a sustainable future starts with all of us. As we focus on four key areas (carbon, waste, water, and sustainable procurement), we are building programs to address top priorities across our value chain. Some of those include expanding integrated waste management, streamlining methods for electronic waste disposal, the conversion and use of LED lighting and partnerships to increase the sustainability of our supply chain.
Waste Reduction
Programs focused on prevention of CO2 emissions, recycling and regulated waste.
Resource Consumption
Energy efficiency initiatives to reduce consumption at the facility-level.
Partnerships
Implementing healthcare sustainability efforts together with like-minded organizations.
Engagement
Raising awareness of sustainable business practices with our teams and our partners.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/contact

Contact Us
If you’re seeking specific help and need to reach a representative, please see our contact information below. To reach a Tenet facility, visit the Our Locations page for specific contact information.
Corporate Office (directions)
14201 Dallas Parkway
Dallas, Texas 75254
469-893-2000
Ethics and Compliance
[email protected]
800-838-4427
Media Relations
[email protected]
469-893-2640
Investor Relations
[email protected]
469-893-6992

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/home/giving-back

Giving Back: Global in Scope, Local at Heart
We like to say that we are global in scope, but local at heart. While we have a vast footprint, each of our care facilities gives back to its local community in different ways. Our charitable contributions and community initiatives support a diverse education pipeline, victims of natural disasters and tragedies, veterans, children suffering from food insecurity and so much more.
Each year, we provide free screenings at local health fairs, host educational seminars and search for ways to better serve the people in our communities. That also means we organize countless events on our hospital campuses and care centers to bring our communities together. For National Volunteer Month, Tenet, USPI and Conifer employees donate their time to support a variety of organizations. We also work together year-round to save lives through Annual Blood Drives. Thanks to the generosity of our colleagues, physicians, volunteers and neighbors, we replenish local blood banks across the country.
One of our most engaging and impactful initiatives is our annual Healthy Over Hungry Cereal Drive®. Every June, employees across the enterprise collect donations of cereal to help support families struggling with hunger. The Cereal Drive was launched in 2010 at Children’s Hospital of Michigan, a Tenet hospital which is part of the Detroit Medical Center. The goal was to collect much needed food for families and to promote the importance of eating a healthy breakfast, especially for children in the summer months. The program was so successful, we later expanded it across the Tenet network.
Through its annual “Seasons of Gratitude” program, USPI invites colleagues across the country to participate in activities that demonstrate gratitude for each other and their communities. Employees spearhead projects or activities that support local organizations meaningful to their team.
Team Malasakit is the Tenet Global Business Center’s corporate social responsibility arm, made up of 70 employee volunteers. They coordinate numerous activities to benefit their local communities in and around Manila. The word “malasakit” in Filipino means to “care for something or someone like it were one’s own,” a term that mirrors our mission to deliver quality, compassionate care in the communities we serve.
Our enterprise is also passionate about supporting education initiatives. With organizations such as the Baptist Health Foundation, the Tenet Healthcare Foundation collaborates to provide scholarships to educate tomorrow’s healthcare leaders and providers. We also proudly support the UNCF, which helps to advance opportunities for minority students in pursuit of a higher education.
We make a concerted effort to give back to our own employees who give so much to their patients and communities. The Tenet Care Fund is a 501(c) (3) public charity that provides financial assistance to employees who have experienced hardship due to events beyond their control, including natural disasters, extended illnesses or injuries, and the unprecedented impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Care Fund enables employees to make donations that benefit fellow team members in need.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about/what-we-do

What We DoOur four operating segments include United Surgical Partners International (USPI), our hospital segment, Conifer Health Solutions, and our shared services the Global Business Center. Our team members in each business are united by a commitment to deliver quality compassionate care, while also providing the support system for those who do.
United Surgical Partners International (USPI)
USPI has the largest ambulatory platform in the country. USPI’s network includes ambulatory surgery centers and surgical hospitals.
The company is a trusted partner to over 50 not-for-profit health systems and thousands of physicians. Together, we offer convenient, high-quality ambulatory networks that enhance patient access to care.
Hospital Operations
Our Hospital Operations segment includes 58 acute care and specialty hospitals, as well as other facilities designed to meet evolving patient and community needs. Additional facilities within our hospital networks include primary and specialty care clinics,
diagnostic imaging centers, micro-hospitals and off-campus emergency departments.
We are located primarily in urban and suburban communities in nine states. Our hospitals are well known for delivering excellent medical care and offering a complete range of services tailored to the needs of each community we serve. From preventative and diagnostic services to expertise in some of the world's leading technologies, we work with multidisciplinary teams of physicians and healthcare professionals dedicated to the good health and well-being of our neighbors. Our caregivers and staff are compassionate in all moments, earning the trust of those we serve.
Conifer Health Solutions
Conifer Health Solutions provides healthcare-focused revenue cycle management and value-based care services to 660 clients across the country. Conifer provides various support services to help clients reach critical clinical and performance objectives – and ultimately enhance the patient experience.The company manages $25 billion in net patient revenue annually and supports care management for 5.9 million people. Clients include hospitals and health systems, physician groups, health plans, and self-insured organizations.
Global Business Center
Established in July 2019, the Global Business Center (GBC) is the first shared service provider of Tenet Healthcare, handling corporate and administrative functions. Though we operate with two entities – Tenet and Conifer, we are one organization under the same structure and leadership. Located in the Philippines, the GBC operates in five sites across the country’s financial business district, Bonifacio Global City in Manila. We provide full corporate and administrative support to Tenet Healthcare through 13 workstreams, including:
- Accounting and Finance
- Accounts Receivable
- Clinical Revenue Integrity
- Coding
- Corporate Support
- Credentialing
- Human Resources
- Information Systems
- Legal
- Marketing and Creative
- Medical Abstraction
- Patient Services
- Procurement
Being performance-driven is in the GBC’s DNA. The GBC has been recognized in various categories in the Healthcare Information Management Association of the Philippines (HIMAP) Awards since it joined the prestigious competition in 2022, with the Kaunlaran Award for Business Growth at the helm. This award is given to the company with the fastest growth in the Philippines’s healthcare business sector in terms of revenue or FTE count of a given year. Our commitment to continuously innovate and recognize opportunities amid challenges empowers us to scale our operations while maintaining operational excellence, continue our culture of compassion and care and be more agile as an entity that serves the Tenet Healthcare enterprise.
Click here to learn more about the GBC.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about/ethics-compliance

©2016-2024 TH Medical. All Rights Reserved. On this Web site, the terms "Tenet," "the company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to Tenet Healthcare Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. The hospitals and hospital programs described on this Web site are owned and/or operated by subsidiaries or affiliates of Tenet Healthcare Corporation.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/sitemap

©2016-2024 TH Medical. All Rights Reserved. On this Web site, the terms "Tenet," "the company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to Tenet Healthcare Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. The hospitals and hospital programs described on this Web site are owned and/or operated by subsidiaries or affiliates of Tenet Healthcare Corporation.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about/our-leadership

Paola Arbour serves as executive vice president and chief information officer for Tenet Healthcare. In this role, Arbour oversees the leadership and strategic direction for Tenet’s information technology (IT) systems and identifies opportunities to support the company’s expansive care network through the application of digital technology, data analytics, automation, and customer experience.
Arbour has more than 35 years of experience leading and transforming IT organizations. Prior to joining Tenet, she served in vice president and president roles at ServiceNow and ProV International. At ServiceNow, she led the agile implementation of the company’s platform for enterprise customers worldwide. During her tenure at ProV, she built a customer-facing sales and delivery team of consultants and technical architects specializing in agile implementations and solutions.
Earlier in her career, Arbour served as vice president of service delivery at Dell Services, where she was responsible for global service delivery and customer experience with $1 billion in fiscal management. Prior to Dell, Arbour spent 24 years at Electronic Data Systems in several leadership roles within IT operations in various locations in the United States and Europe. Her responsibilities included customer service, account management, technical operations and senior positions in global delivery and enterprise accounts, including General Motors and the Navy Marine Corps.
Arbour is on the board of directors for Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. In addition, Arbour is a governing board member of both Technology Business Management and Evanta organizations and is an active member of the customer advisory boards for HCL and Netskope.
Arbour has received numerous recognitions for transforming and innovating Tenet’s approach to technology. Most recently, Arbour was named the winner for the 2023 American Business Awards® in the category of Excellence in Transforming Business. She was recognized by Forbes as a CIO Next 2021 technology leader and by Dallas Business Journal as a 2020 Women in Technology honoree. Arbour was named a finalist for ORBIE’s 2020 CIO of the Year award, D Magazine’s 2020 Corporate Innovator of the Year, and D Magazine’s Achievement in Healthcare Innovation Award in 2019.
Arbour has a Bachelor of Science degree in Telecommunications Arts and Sciences from Michigan State University and holds executive degrees from the London Business School and Columbia University. She resides in Dallas, Texas.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/notice-of-privacy-practices

NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Who Presents this Notice
The references to "Facility” and “Health Professionals” in this notice refer to the members of the Tenet Healthcare Affiliated Covered Entity. An Affiliated Covered Entity (ACE) is a group of organizations under common ownership or control who designate themselves as a single Affiliated Covered Entity for purposes of compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA"). The Facility, its employees, workforce members and members of the ACE who are involved in providing and coordinating health care are all bound to follow the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices ("Notice"). The members of the ACE will share PHI with each other for the treatment, payment and health care operations of the ACE and as permitted by HIPAA and this Notice. For a complete list of the members of the ACE, please contact the Privacy & Security Compliance Office.
Privacy Obligations
Each Facility is required by law to maintain the privacy of your health information ("Protected Health Information" or "PHI") and to provide you with this Notice of legal duties and privacy practices with respect to your Protected Health Information. The Facility uses computerized systems that may subject your Protected Health Information to electronic disclosure for purposes of treatment, payment and/or health care operations as described below. When the Facility uses or discloses your Protected Health Information, we are required to abide by the terms of this Notice (or other notice in effect at the time of the use or disclosure).
Notifications
The Facility is required by law to protect the privacy of your medical information, distribute this Notice of Privacy Practices to you, and follow the terms of this Notice. The Facility is also required to notify you if there is a breach or impermissible access, use or disclosure of your medical information.
Permissible Uses and Disclosures Without Your Written Authorization
In certain situations your written authorization must be obtained in order to use and/or disclose your PHI. However, the Facility and Health Professionals do not need any type of authorization from you for the following uses and disclosures:
Uses and Disclosures for Treatment, Payment and Health Care Operations. Your PHI may be used and disclosed to treat you, obtain payment for services provided to you and conduct “health care operations” as detailed below:
Treatment. Your PHI may be used and disclosed to provide treatment and other services to you--for example, to diagnose and treat your injury or illness. In addition, you may be contacted to provide you appointment reminders or information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you. Your PHI may also be disclosed to other providers involved in your treatment. For example, a doctor treating you for a broken leg may need to know if you have diabetes because if you do, this may impact your recovery.
Payment. Your PHI may be used and disclosed to obtain payment for services provided to you--for example, disclosures to claim and obtain payment from your health insurer, HMO, or other company that arranges or pays the cost of some or all of your health care (“Your Payor”) to verify that Your Payor will pay for health care. The physician who reads your x-ray may need to bill you or your Payor for reading of your x-ray therefore your billing information may be shared with the physician who read your x-ray.
Health Care Operations. Your PHI may be used and disclosed for health care operations, which include internal administration and planning and various activities that improve the quality and cost effectiveness of the care delivered to you. For example, PHI may be used to evaluate the quality and competence of physicians, nurses and other health care workers. PHI may be disclosed to the Privacy & Security Compliance Office in order to resolve any complaints you may have and ensure that you have a comfortable visit. Your PHI may be provided to various governmental or accreditation entities such as the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations to maintain our license and accreditation. In addition, PHI may be shared with business associates who perform treatment, payment and health care operations services on behalf of the Facility and Health Professionals.
Additionally, your PHI may be used or disclosed for the purpose of allowing students, residents, nurses, physicians and others who are interested in healthcare, pursuing careers in the medical field or desire an opportunity for an educational experience to tour, shadow employees and/or physician faculty members or engage in a clinical Practicum.
Health Information Organizations. Your PHI may be used and disclosed with other health care providers or other health care entities for treatment, payment and health care operations purposes, as permitted by law, through a Health Information Organization. A list of Health Information Organizations in which this facility participates may be obtained upon request or found on our website at www.tenethealth.com. For example, information about your past medical care and current medical conditions and medications can be available to other primary care physicians if they participate in the Health Information Organization. Exchange of health information can provide faster access, better coordination of care and assist providers and public health officials in making more informed treatment decisions. You may opt out of the Health Information Organization and prevent providers from being able to search for your information through the exchange. You may opt out and prevent your medical information from being searched through the Health Information Organization by completing and submitting an Opt-Out Form to registration.
Use or Disclosure for Directory of Individuals in the Facility. Facility may include your name, location in the Facility, general health condition and religious affiliation in a patient directory without obtaining your authorization unless you object to inclusion in the directory. Information in the directory may be disclosed to anyone who asks for you by name. Your religious affiliation may be given to a member of the clergy, such as a priest or minister, even if they do not ask for you by name. If you do not wish to be included in the facility directory, you will be given an opportunity to object at the time of admission.
Disclosure to Relatives, Close Friends and Other Caregivers. Your PHI may be disclosed to a family member, other relative, a close personal friend or any other person identified by you who is involved in your health care or helps pay for your care. If you are not present, or the opportunity to agree or object to a use or disclosure cannot practicably be provided because of your incapacity or an emergency circumstance, the Facility and/or Health Professionals may exercise professional judgment to determine whether a disclosure is in your best interests. If information is disclosed to a family member, other relative or a close personal friend, the Facility and/or Health Professionals would disclose only information believed to be directly relevant to the person’s involvement with your health care or payment related to your health care. Your PHI also may be disclosed in order to notify (or assist in notifying) such persons of your location or general condition.
Public Health Activities. Your PHI may be disclosed for the following public health activities: (1) to report health information to public health authorities for the purpose of preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability; (2) to report child abuse and neglect to public health authorities or other government authorities authorized by law to receive such reports; (3) to report information about products and services under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; (4) to alert a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or may otherwise be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition; and (5) to report information to your employer as required under laws addressing work-related illnesses and injuries or workplace medical surveillance.
Victims of Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence. Your PHI may be disclosed to a governmental authority, including a social service or protective services agency, authorized by law to receive reports of such abuse, neglect, or domestic violence if there is a reasonable belief that you are a victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence.
Health Oversight Activities. Your PHI may be disclosed to a health oversight agency that oversees the health care system and is charged with responsibility for ensuring compliance with the rules of government health programs such as Medicare or Medicaid.
Judicial and Administrative Proceedings. Your PHI may be disclosed in the course of a judicial or administrative proceeding in response to a legal order or other lawful process.
Law Enforcement Officials. Your PHI may be disclosed to the police or other law enforcement officials as required or permitted by law or in compliance with a court order or a grand jury or administrative subpoena. For example, your PHI may be disclosed to identify or locate a suspect, fugitive, material witness, or missing person or to report a crime or criminal conduct at the facility.
Correctional Institution. You PHI may be disclosed to a correctional institution if you are an inmate in a correctional institution and if the correctional institution or law enforcement authority makes certain requests to us.
Organ and Tissue Procurement. Your PHI may be disclosed to organizations that facilitate organ, eye or tissue procurement, banking or transplantation.
Research. Your PHI may be used or disclosed without your consent or authorization if an Institutional Review Board approves a waiver of authorization for disclosure.
Health or Safety. Your PHI may be used or disclosed to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to a person’s or the public’s health or safety.
U.S. Military. Your PHI may be use or disclosed to U. S. Military Commanders for assuring proper execution of the military mission. Military command authorities receiving protected health information are not covered entities subject to the HIPAA Privacy Rule, but they are subject to the Privacy Act of 1974 and DoD 5400.11-R , "DoD Privacy Program," May 14, 2007.
Other Specialized Government Functions. Your PHI may be disclosed to units of the government with special functions, such as the U.S. Department of State under certain circumstances for example the Secret Service or NSA to protect the country or the President.
Workers’ Compensation. Your PHI may be disclosed as authorized by and to the extent necessary to comply with state law relating to workers' compensation or other similar programs.
As Required by Law. Your PHI may be used and disclosed when required to do so by any other law not already referred to in the preceding categories; such as required by the FDA, to monitor the safety of a medical device.
Appointment Reminders. Your PHI may be used to tell or remind you about appointments.
Fundraising. Your PHI may be used to contact you as a part of fundraising efforts, unless you elect not to receive this type of information.
USES AND DISCLOSURES REQUIRING YOUR WRITTEN AUTHORIZATION
Use or Disclosure with Your Authorization. For any purpose other than the ones described above, your PHI may be used or disclosed only when you provide your written authorization on an authorization form (“Your Authorization”). For instance, you will need to execute an authorization form before your PHI can be sent to your life insurance company or to the attorney representing the other party in litigation in which you are involved.
Marketing. Your written authorization (“Your Marketing Authorization”) also must be obtained prior to using your PHI to send you any marketing materials. (However, marketing materials can be provided to you in a face-to-face encounter without obtaining Your Marketing Authorization. The Facility and/or Health Professionals are also permitted to give you a promotional gift of nominal value, if they so choose, without obtaining Your Marketing Authorization). The Facility and/or Health Professionals may communicate with you in a face-to-face encounter about products or services relating to your treatment, case management or care coordination, or alternative treatments, therapies, providers or care settings without Your Marketing Authorization.
In addition, the Facility and/or Health Professionals may send you treatment communications, unless you elect not to receive this type of communication, for which the Facility and/or Health Professionals may receive financial remuneration.
Sale of PHI. The Facility and Health Professionals will not disclose your PHI without your authorization in exchange for direct or indirect payment except in limited circumstances permitted by law. These circumstances include public health activities; research; treatment of the individual; sale, transfer, merger or consolidation of the Facility; services provided by a business associate, pursuant to a business associate agreement; providing an individual with a copy of their PHI; and other purposes deemed necessary and appropriate by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Uses and Disclosures of Your Highly Confidential Information. In addition, federal and state law require special privacy protections for certain highly confidential information about you (“Highly Confidential Information”), including the subset of your PHI that: (1) is maintained in psychotherapy notes; (2) is about mental illness, mental retardation and developmental disabilities; (3) is about alcohol or drug abuse or addiction; (4) is about HIV/AIDS testing, diagnosis or treatment; (5) is about communicable disease(s), including venereal disease(s); (6) is about genetic testing; (7) is about child abuse and neglect; (8) is about domestic abuse of an adult; or (9) is about sexual assault. In order for your Highly Confidential Information to be disclosed for a purpose other than those permitted by law, your written authorization is required.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
Right to Request Additional Restrictions. You may request restrictions on the use and disclosure of your PHI (1) for treatment, payment and health care operations, (2) to individuals (such as a family member, other relative, close personal friend or any other person identified by you) involved with your care or with payment related to your care, or (3) to notify or assist in the notification of such individuals regarding your location and general condition. While all requests for additional restrictions will be carefully considered, the Facility and Health Professionals are not required to agree to these requested restrictions.
You may also request to restrict disclosures of your PHI to your health plan for payment and healthcare operations purposes (and not for treatment) if the disclosure pertains to a healthcare item or service for which you paid out-of-pocket in full. The Facility and Health Professionals must agree to abide by the restriction to your health plan EXCEPT when the disclosure is required by law.
If you wish to request additional restrictions, please obtain a request form from the Health Information Management Office and submit the completed form to the Health Information Management Office. A written response will be sent to you.
Right to Receive Confidential Communications. You may request, and the Facility and Health Professionals will accommodate, any reasonable written request for you to receive your PHI by alternative means of communication or at alternative locations.
Right to Revoke Your Authorization. You may revoke Your Authorization, Your Marketing Authorization or any written authorization obtained in connection with your PHI, except to the extent that the Facility and/or Health Professionals have taken action in reliance upon it, by delivering a written revocation statement to the Facility Health Information Management Office identified below.
Right to Inspect and Copy Your Health Information. You may request access to your medical record file and billing records maintained by the Facility and Health Professionals in order to inspect and request copies of the records. Under limited circumstances, you may be denied access to a portion of your records. If you desire access to your records, please obtain a record request form from the Facility Health Information Management Office and submit the completed form to the Facility Health Information Management Office. If you request copies of paper records, you will be charged in accordance with federal and state law. To the extent the request for records includes portions of records which are not in paper form (e.g., x-ray films), you will be charge the reasonable cost of the copies. You also will be charged for the postage costs, if you request that the copies be mailed to you. However, you will not be charged for copies that are requested in order to make or complete an application for a federal or state disability benefits program.
Right to Amend Your Records. You have the right to request that PHI maintained in your medical record file or billing records be amended. If you desire to amend your records, please obtain an amendment request form from the Facility Health Information Management Office and submit the completed form to the Facility Health Information Management Office. Your request will be accommodated unless the Facility and/or Health Professionals believe that the information that would be amended is accurate and complete or other special circumstances apply.
Right to Receive an Accounting of Disclosures. Upon request, you may obtain an accounting of certain disclosures of your PHI made during any period of time prior to the date of your request provided such period does not exceed six years and does not apply to disclosures that occurred prior to April 14, 2003. If you request an accounting more than once during a twelve (12) month period, you will be charged for the accounting statement.
Right to Receive Paper Copy of this Notice. Upon request, you may obtain a paper copy of this Notice, even if you have agreed to receive such notice electronically.
For Further Information or Complaints. If you desire further information about your privacy rights, are concerned that your privacy rights have been violated or disagree with a decision made about access to your PHI, you may contact the Privacy & Security Compliance Office. You may also file written complaints with the Director, Office for Civil Rights of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Upon request, the Privacy & Security Compliance Office will provide you with the correct address for the Director. The Facility and Health Professionals will not retaliate against you if you file a complaint with the Privacy & Security Compliance Office or the Director.
Effective Date and Duration of This Notice
Effective Date. This Notice is effective on March 1, 2021.
Right to Change Terms of this Notice. The terms of this Notice may be changed at any time. If this Notice is changed, the new notice terms may be made effective for all PHI that the Facility and Health Professionals maintain, including any information created or received prior to issuing the new notice. If this Notice is changed, the new notice will be posted in waiting areas around the Facility and on our Internet site at www.tenethealth.com. You also may obtain any new notice by contacting the Privacy & Security Compliance Office.
FACILITY CONTACTS:
Privacy & Security Compliance Office
14201 Dallas Parkway
Dallas, Texas 75254
E-mail: [email protected]
Ethics Action Line (EAL): 1-800-8-ETHICS

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/home/our-locations

{{facilitytype.Title}}
{{ FilteredLocation.name }}
{{ FilteredLocation.address }}
{{ FilteredLocation.city }}, {{ FilteredLocation.state }} {{ FilteredLocation.zip }}
Filter by Facility Type
Filter by Distance
{{ FilteredLocation.address }}
{{ FilteredLocation.city }}, {{ FilteredLocation.state }} {{ FilteredLocation.zip }}

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/privacy

Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Tenet Healthcare Corporation website (the “Website”). Tenet Healthcare Corporation and its affiliates (“we,” “our” or “us”) are committed to protecting your privacy, so we have adopted privacy practices to protect the information we collect from you. They are described in this Privacy Policy and in our Notice of Privacy Practices for your personal health information. Our Notice of Privacy Practices, which we will provide you in connection with our services, describes our privacy practices and your privacy rights with respect to your “Protected Health Information” (as that term is defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, as amended and supplemented from time to time).
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Website or use any of our mobile application(s) (the “App”) (collectively, the Website and App are “Sites”) and our practices for collecting and using that information.
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if we make material changes to it, we will notify you by updating the Sites with the updated Privacy Policy. You may wish to check the Privacy Policy from time to time, because by using the Sites, by providing requested information, or by using the Sites after any changes to this Privacy Policy are posted, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected and How We Use It
We collect several types of information: Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information.
1. Personally Identifiable Information
We collect personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide on online forms which may include contact requests, referral requests, appointment requests, bill payment, comments, and/or online surveys. Personally identifiable information can include name, address, phone number, email address, demographic information and any other information you may voluntarily provide. We will use your information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it and for our business operations. While visiting our Sites, if you give us personally identifiable information to receive information from us, to pre-register for an event, or to pre-register for inpatient or outpatient services or otherwise, we will collect and store that personal data. If you give us personal data in order to pre-register for inpatient or outpatient services through an affiliate’s or third party’s website, the affiliate or third party may share the personal data with contracted service providers to verify the accuracy of the data and complete the registration process.
You agree that, should you elect to supply it, we may use your name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, or other data to communicate with you as described below.
By providing a telephone number, you expressly consent and authorize us, as well as any of our related affiliates, agents or contractors, to contact you through the use of any dialing equipment (including a dialer, automatic telephone dialing system, and/or interactive voice recognition system) and/or artificial or prerecorded voice or message. You expressly agree that such automated calls may be made to any telephone number (including numbers assigned to any cellular or other service for which you may be charged for the call) you provide. In addition, you expressly consent and authorize the receipt of text messages from us at any telephone number (including numbers assigned to any cellular or other service for which you may be charged for the call) you provide. By providing this express consent, you specifically waive any claim you may have for the making of such calls or texts, including any claim under federal or state law and specifically any claim under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227. By providing a telephone number, you represent you are the subscriber or owner or have the authority to use and provide consent to call or text the number.
By providing your email address, you expressly opt-in to the receipt of email communications from us and our affiliates, agents or contractors for or related to medical goods or services, your account, and other services such as financial, clinical and educational information including exchange news, changes to health care law, health care coverage, care follow up, and other healthcare opportunities, goods and services. By providing this express consent, you specifically waive any claim you may have for the sending of such emails, including any claim under federal or state law and specifically any claim under the CAN-SPAM Act, 15 U.S.C.§ 7701, et seq. By providing an email address, you represent you are the subscriber or owner or have the authority to use and provide consent to contact the email address.
2. Anonymous Information
We may collect certain information by automated means. This information includes cookies, sensors, geo location, pixel tags, IP addresses, mobile device information and other similar technology. This information does not identify you, but is statistical data that provides generic information about your use of the Sites. This information helps us understand which parts of our Sites are visited most often and may be used to analyze trends, administer and improve the Sites, gather broad demographic information, personalize content and determine retargeting and remarketing.
We use cookies to tailor web content to match your browser capability. Cookies allow the Sites to retain information to make your use of the Sites more convenient. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however if you disable the cookie, you will still be able to use the Sites, but you may not be able to fully take advantage of all of the Sites’ features or parts of the Sites may not function properly.
Our web servers automatically identify computers by their IP addresses. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track users’ movement and gather demographic information for aggregate use. For example, if you view specific pages or download information from specific pages on our Sites, we will track and add the number of your visits to the aggregate number of visits by all users in order to better design our Sites. If you have provided personally identifiable information to us through our online forms, we may associate some of the information we have so gathered with your personally identifiable information, and we may use this combined data to provide relevant Site and email content to you.
Surveys
From time-to-time our Sites may request information from you via survey. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose the requested information, which may include contact information (name and address) and demographic information (zip code and age level). Feedback collected by these surveys will be used for the purpose stated at the time the survey is posted, our business operations and monitoring or improving use of the Sites.
Third Party Use
Your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our Sites. We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction in accordance with applicable laws.
We may share information with third parties performing services on our behalf that are contractually bound to keep your personal information confidential and to use it only for the purposes under which we disclose it. For example, we may use service
providers to help manage or support the Sites’ technical operation. Also, we may share your personal information in connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation, when required by law, and in the event of a corporate sale,
merger or acquisition. If we partner with a third party to provide services and you sign up for those services, we will share your name and other contact information necessary for our partner to provide the services to you.
This site may use features provided by Google and YouTube. Therefore, in using this site you agree and are bound to the YouTube's Terms of Service, YouTube’s API Services Terms of Services and the Google Privacy Policy.
Security
While we cannot and do not guarantee that your information will not be viewed by unauthorized persons, we take privacy and security seriously. We take reasonable, industry standard precautions to keep the Sites and their systems secure and to prevent personal information from being made available to unauthorized persons or entities. Even though we employ these standard precautions and protocols, we cannot provide absolute assurances that the contents of messages, for example, will be secure. If you choose to send any confidential information to us, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept and use this information.
Links
The Sites contain links to third party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for any of the content, activities, products, or advertisements on these third party websites nor do we make any representations, approvals, or endorsements regarding the services provided or the nature, quality, or accuracy of such third party content. Use of any linked third party website is solely at your own risk and we encourage you to read the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policies of each such linked third party websites you choose to access.
Special Notice to CA Residents
California law provides California consumer’s the right to request certain details about the categories of personal information that is collected, how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and for what business/commercial purpose. They also have the right to request that their personal information be deleted. If a California resident would like to submit a Consumer Access request they would use this link to submit their request, or email their request to [email protected], or use our toll free number 1-800-8-ETHICS.
Opting Out
You may revoke your consent to contact at any time by directly contacting us at [email protected] or using the opt–out method identified in the applicable communication.
Many browsers and mobile operating systems enable you to indicate your preference regarding online tracking. You can set your browser or mobile operating system to a “do not track” or similar setting and, when your browser or mobile operating system passes your request to us, we will not serve you targeted advertising, although we may continue to collect data about your use of the Sites. For example, Apple’s iOS8 mobile operating system provides iPhone and iPad users with a “Limit Ad Tracking” setting, and if you turn on that setting, we will not use your device identifier to serve you targeted ads.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites are not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to or on the Sites. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 18, and no part of our Sites is designed or intended to attract anyone under the age of 18. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at [email protected] so we can immediately delete any such information.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on the Sites by a link from our homepage so that you always know what information we collect and how we use it. Please consult this portion of the Sites regularly for important changes to the Privacy Policy as they occur.
This policy was updated on July 18, 2018.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/accessibility

Accessibility Statement
We are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience. To do so, we are actively working with consultants to update the website by increasing its accessibility and usability by persons who use assistive technologies such as automated tools, keyboard-only navigation, and screen readers.
We are working to have the website conform to the relevant standards of the Section 508 Web Accessibility Standards developed by the United States Access Board, as well as the World Wide Web Consortium's (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1. These standards and guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities. We believe that conformance with these standards and guidelines will help make the website more user friendly for all people.
Our efforts are ongoing. While we strive to have the website adhere to these guidelines and standards, it is not always possible to do so in all areas of the website. If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage, please contact [email protected] so that we may be of assistance.
Thank you. We hope you enjoy using our website.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/careers/programs-benefits

Programs & Benefits
Being a community built on care means taking care of ourselves and our families. We are pleased to offer employees a comprehensive and competitive benefits package.
Learning and EducationThrough our online learning platform, employees have access to thousands of free online courses to further their education at their own schedule. From clinical competencies to business strategy and even leadership podcasts, employees can stay current on new processes, protocols, and knowledge.
Graduate Medical Education ProgramsWhen you choose a residency or fellowship with Tenet Healthcare, you become part of our national GME family. You'll gain experience evaluating and treating patients with the full range of diseases within your specialty, from rare conditions to more common cases. Search our list of more than 100 residencies and fellowships in all specialties.
Leadership and Executive DevelopmentWhether a clinician is interested in advancing to a leadership position or a business office staff member aspires to be a hospital CFO, various programs are available across Tenet designed to take team members to the next level of their careers.
Coaching and MentorshipWe are committed to devoting energy and attention to grow our team members and create a lasting impact on our care. By coaching, challenging and further developing our best and brightest team members, we foster an environment to build long-term sustainable growth for our organization. Through open dialogues between supervisors and their team members, we establish goals, recognize successes, and identify opportunities for further growth and career development.
Military and Veterans Support
At Tenet, our values of working efficiently and uniting for a higher purpose align well with those of our military and veteran community. We would love to assist you with skill and experience equivalency mapping to ease your transition into a successful civilian career. Learn more here.
Healthcare ScholarshipsIt is our privilege to help support the next generation of healthcare providers and we have committed to investing in the education and training of our young people. In 2018, the Tenet Healthcare Foundation joined the Baptist Health Foundation of San Antonio to establish a scholarship program to make higher education accessible for economically disadvantaged high school graduates in San Antonio who want to pursue a career in healthcare. Through this partnership, more than 1,300 healthcare scholarships have been awarded to educate tomorrow’s healthcare leaders and providers.
Join our Community Built on Care
As an organization, we provide employees with the resources, tools and support to serve our patients and customers in the best way possible. We also take care of one another, helping team members further develop their career pathways and maximize their potential.
Comprehensive Benefits
Providing a comprehensive benefits package is paramount as we not only take care of our communities, but foster an environment of support for one another.
- Medical, dental, vision and a variety of other benefits.
- Flexible financial benefits help employees save for retirement or contribute to tax-free savings accounts.
- Benefits such as paid holidays and vacation help us keep a healthy work-life balance.
- Career growth benefits vary by facility and include opportunities for leadership development and continuing education.
Natural Disasters & Crisis Support
When an unanticipated crisis occurs, Tenet can offer resources to help employees manage and surpass life’s challenges. We have a comprehensive Employee Assistance Program that includes counseling services, financial guidance and legal aid.
Additionally, employees can access the Tenet Care Fund, a 501(c)(3) public charity that provides financial assistance to employees who have experienced hardship due to events beyond their control. This fund, founded by Tenet employees and existing primarily through the generosity of company peers, provides hope and financial support for employees when faced with difficult and unforeseen circumstances.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/home/join-our-team

Join our Community Built on CareAt Tenet Healthcare, the heart of what we do centers on caring with compassion. Everyone contributes to these moments, whether providing care directly, or supporting those who do.
Search all Careers
Search Careers by Category
Be mindful of fraudulent activity. Many companies have been affected by scams that use our company name and the names of real employees, along with similar email addresses or websites, to promote false opportunities. Tenet Healthcare will never ask for confidential personal information, such as a driver's license number, credit card or banking details during the interview process. All authorized openings can be verified at jobs.tenethealth.com.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/about/community-outreach

Giving Back: Global in Scope, Local at Heart
We like to say that we are global in scope, but local at heart. While we have a vast footprint, each of our care facilities gives back to its local community in different ways. Our charitable contributions and community initiatives support a diverse education pipeline, victims of natural disasters and tragedies, veterans, children suffering from food insecurity and so much more.
Each year, we provide free screenings at local health fairs, host educational seminars and search for ways to better serve the people in our communities. That also means we organize countless events on our hospital campuses and care centers to bring our communities together. For National Volunteer Month, Tenet, USPI and Conifer employees donate their time to support a variety of organizations. We also work together year-round to save lives through Annual Blood Drives. Thanks to the generosity of our colleagues, physicians, volunteers and neighbors, we replenish local blood banks across the country.
One of our most engaging and impactful initiatives is our annual Healthy Over Hungry Cereal Drive®. Every June, employees across the enterprise collect donations of cereal to help support families struggling with hunger. The Cereal Drive was launched in 2010 at Children’s Hospital of Michigan, a Tenet hospital which is part of the Detroit Medical Center. The goal was to collect much needed food for families and to promote the importance of eating a healthy breakfast, especially for children in the summer months. The program was so successful, we later expanded it across the Tenet network.
Through its annual “Seasons of Gratitude” program, USPI invites colleagues across the country to participate in activities that demonstrate gratitude for each other and their communities. Employees spearhead projects or activities that support local organizations meaningful to their team.
Team Malasakit is the Tenet Global Business Center’s corporate social responsibility arm, made up of 70 employee volunteers. They coordinate numerous activities to benefit their local communities in and around Manila. The word “malasakit” in Filipino means to “care for something or someone like it were one’s own,” a term that mirrors our mission to deliver quality, compassionate care in the communities we serve.
Our enterprise is also passionate about supporting education initiatives. With organizations such as the Baptist Health Foundation, the Tenet Healthcare Foundation collaborates to provide scholarships to educate tomorrow’s healthcare leaders and providers. We also proudly support the UNCF, which helps to advance opportunities for minority students in pursuit of a higher education.
We make a concerted effort to give back to our own employees who give so much to their patients and communities. The Tenet Care Fund is a 501(c) (3) public charity that provides financial assistance to employees who have experienced hardship due to events beyond their control, including natural disasters, extended illnesses or injuries, and the unprecedented impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Care Fund enables employees to make donations that benefit fellow team members in need.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/careers/search-our-careers

Join our Community Built on CareAt Tenet Healthcare, the heart of what we do centers on caring with compassion. Everyone contributes to these moments, whether providing care directly, or supporting those who do.
Search all Careers
Search Careers by Category
Be mindful of fraudulent activity. Many companies have been affected by scams that use our company name and the names of real employees, along with similar email addresses or websites, to promote false opportunities. Tenet Healthcare will never ask for confidential personal information, such as a driver's license number, credit card or banking details during the interview process. All authorized openings can be verified at jobs.tenethealth.com.

Source: https://www.tenethealth.com/careers/for-physicians

Physician Careers
Our Community Built on Care comes to life with our caregivers.
At Tenet Healthcare, we believe in fostering an environment that enables our physicians to focus on what matters most – providing compassionate care to the communities we serve. That care is supported by a strong foundation of highly trained and mission-driven team members, state-of-the-art medical equipment, medical expertise, and robust data and technology.
Our footprint is expansive, allowing thousands of physicians the privilege to serve patients across the country. Whether you are just finishing your residency or fellowship training, or exploring ways to further your medical career, Tenet is proud to offer a wide range of opportunities to the medical community to advance our mission of providing quality, compassionate care.Search for Physician Opportunities
A network of facilities across the country
Just as you create care plans based on each patient’s needs, our broad network of services provides many opportunities for medical providers.
Through Tenet Physician Resources (TPR), providers can become employed by one of the largest health systems in the country and work to deliver the best possible patient care experience, while TPR manages the day to day operations.
If you want to create your own private practice, or join an established private practice, we can help you relocate to fulfill community needs.
Additionally, through USPI – the largest ambulatory platform in the country – we have more than 440 surgical facilities that offer investment opportunities and some of the best places to send your patients for surgical care.
Our network of more than 550 locations, including acute care hospitals, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and medical imaging centers offers physicians the opportunity to serve patients across the continuum of care, supported by an organization of more than 100,000 team members.
Meet some of our medical groups
Contact our Recruiters
Kim Davis
Focus Areas
All physician recruitment for Desert Care Network of California and South Carolina
Wendy Castaldo
Focus Areas
All physician recruitment for Alabama, Florida, and Tennessee
Caylie Huffstutler
Focus Areas
All physician recruitment for Arizona and El Paso, Texas

